Added a small section addressing empty editorconfig files (#87)
editorconfig/specification: index.rst

directory of the given file and all parent directories for an EditorConfig
file. An EditorConfig file is named ".editorconfig", all lowercased.
Non-existing directories are treated as if they exist and are empty. All found

> EditorConfig files are searched for sections with section glob expressions matching 

Reviewer: This is a different topic than "empty editorconfig files."  Would you please move it to a separate PR?  That would make the git history cleaner, and this PR more focused.  Thanks!

Author: Fully agree. I can move it into a separate "polishing" commit. What are you thoughts on this, @cxw42 ?

CC: @xuhdev

Reviewer: Actually, now that I think about it more, I believe this should stay as it was.  "Section name" is defined above ([here](https://spec.editorconfig.org/#id8)).  Using the term in this paragraph is therefore unambiguous.

Consider the section name `[{*.txt,*.md}]`.  At the command prompt, I would think of that as two "glob expression"s (`*.txt` and `*.md`).  However, in this paragraph the whole name `{...}` is taken as a unit.  I worry that if we made this change it might confuse readers.  Sorry for the late change!

operation of specifically retrieving the filename, which can be relatively
expensive in the context of EditorConfig.

Empty EditorConfig Files
------------------------

> An empty ``.editorconfig`` file is considered to be a valid ``.editorconfig`` file 
> with no sections and with implicit ``root`` key set to ``false``.

Reviewer 2: How about moving this right before "No Inline Comments"?

What do you think about the following fomulation:

```suggestion
An empty ``.editorconfig`` file contains only Blank and Comment lines, or no line. It is equivalent to
an ``.editorconfig`` file that contains only one line, ``root = true``.
```

Reviewer: @xuhdev this seems reasonable to me.  I think there's one typo in your suggestion --- it should be `root = false`, not `true`.

Reviewer 2: Right, `root = false`. Nice catch!

Author: I agree with you guys @cxw42 @xuhdev, thanks!

Author: Done!
